= SuggestionBox =

This page is intended to be some kind of register of suggestions for the improved organisation of the conference in the future, although there's no better time than the present to suggest and make improvements to the way things are done.

Feel free to add suggestions, marking those which could be introduced already for this conference with '''2007'''.

'''Note''' that this is more of an organisational suggestion box rather than something recording opinions about the actual conference. See ["EuroPython2007Feedback"] for a general suggestion box about the conference and your experience of it.

== Suggestions ==

 * Make the non-venue-specific processes more prominent - this is where the wider community can really play a part: the Web site, registration, talk reviewers and track/theme management.
 * Reach out to the community before starting to organise the conference - consider a Call For Organisers!
 * '''2007''' Get feedback from the community about specific things that we suspect could be done better. For example:
   * Do people get uneasy when we open registration later two months before the conference?
   * Did uncertainty put people off going to the conference? (This isn't just a question for attendees, obviously.)
   * Was the information available to attendees coherent and sufficient, or do people need to surf around for things we could have told them on a single page?
 * Bring up the technology stuff a lot earlier so that if people want to write their own conference software, they have their chance to pitch it in good time.
