= IRC Meeting #13 =

== Time/Location ==

The meeting will take place on Monday 4th June (2007-06-04) 18:00 CEST (17:00 BST, 16:00 UTC/GMT) in the #europython channel on freenode.net. ''That's 5pm UK time, 6pm in most of Western Europe.'' The suggested duration of the meeting is at most ''one hour''.

== Minutes ==

 * Bea reported that her contact has submitted a costed proposal for travel, accommodation and other minor expenses.
   * We proposed to accept this, and Bea will chase up funding.
   * Laura will seek to clarify the funding situation with regard to travel expenses and the PSF.
 * David reported that he received some good ideas and feedback about a similar initiative from Steve Holden, though funding support appeared to be less clear.
   * David will contact an interesting speaker/guest to try and find out if this is worth pursuing and report to the program group.
 * Bea reported that there was interest in having some speakers/guests from other programming language communities.
   * She'll chase up some leads and report to the program group.
 * WorldPay support has been abandoned for this year. Laura suggested that registration for WorldPay should begin immediately after EuroPython this year.
 * Sponsorship
   * Paul will contact sponsor "I".
   * Bea will work with Michael to deal with sponsors "E", "P" and "G".
   * Harald suggested contacting "A" and "M".
   * Laura, Michael and Bea will talk on IRC tomorrow (5th) before lunch.
   * Paul will contact a sponsor to inform them of the estimated number of attendees.
   * Everyone involved will report about progress at the next meeting.
 * Aiste will arrange printing facilities tomorrow and report back next Monday.
 * Keynotes
   * Guido can be left unsupervised. ;-)
   * David will follow up on Simon.
   * David or Paul will finalize bio details for David.
 * Announcements
   * Harald will be ready to send messages to the newsgroups.
   * Paul will get the attention of the python.org webmaster.
   * David will probably do the usual thing and e-mail random people.
 * Schedule
   * Initial scheduling and talk approvals have been done.
   * The track chairs will meet for breakfast tomorrow (virtually in some cases) to finalize the schedule.
   * Michael volunteered to add (some of) the scheduling information to Indico when it is complete.
   * The mailing list should be notified so that the Web site can be updated and announcements sent out.

== Agenda ==

This week's meeting will focus on the programme, but may also cover any other issues that arise.

 * Bea will report on progress with the plan to enhance the open space experience at the conference, as suggested [[http://mail.python.org/pipermail/europython/2007-May/006403.html|in a message to the europython mailing list]].
 * The programme needs to be finalised and published. The track chairs will select talks and approve the schedule.
 * Status of the WorldPay application process.
 * Status of potential sponsors.
 * Status of conference programmes, badges, T-shirts, conference dinner information.
 * Confirm arrangements for the keynote speakers.
 * Announcements shall be planned: keynotes, early registration reminder, ...

== Notes ==

See [[http://www.europython.org/sections/calendar|the calendar]] to get an idea of where we should be at this point in time.
