= IRC Meeting #1 =

[http://codespeak.net/svn/user/mwh/ep2007/meeting-notes-2007-03-08.html Meeting minutes]

== Time/Location ==

We plan to have a meeting on Wednesday 7th of March 2007 at 1700 GMT+1XX in the #europython channel on freenode.

Currently these people have said they will come:

 * NicolasPettiaux
 * MichaelHudson
 * XXX

XXX agreed to moderate the meeting, 

Let's try to keep it to 60 minutes. 

Suggested Agenda (please change ahead of the meeting if you like):
(taken from 2006 first irc meeting agenda)

 * brief posting about everyone's interest (to get a picture of why everyone attends)
   * NicolasPettiaux wants to see EP2007 moves forward and help it
   * MichaelHudson is doing the program chair thing again
 * detailed status of preparations at Vilnius
 * track planning / chairs status 
   * NicolasPettiaux proposes to chair the Europython2007/EducationTrack
 * PR-considerations, mostly thinking about keynote-givers
 * EuroPython2007/ProposedTimeline (can someone prepare a proposal from past experiences?)
 * schedule next Meeting (mid March ?)
 * decide what will happen with the Web site - ie. either have people commit to a switch '''and fast''', or just call "bikeshed" on the debate and stick with what we've got (if the current hosting is "stable")
   * clarify the Indico situation - it looks like a new installation is necessary, so find out where it's going to live
