= IRC Meeting #10 =

== Time/Location ==

The meeting will take place on Monday 14th May (2007-05-14) 18:00 CEST (17:00 BST, 16:00 UTC/GMT) in the #europython channel on freenode.net. ''That's 5pm UK time, 6pm in most of Western Europe.'' The suggested duration of the meeting is at most ''one hour''.

== Minutes ==

 * Registration
   * It was decided that registration would open as soon as the infrastructure is ready, hopefully Tuesday 15th May, after final testing of the process.
   * Changes to the student rates were agreed. (See [[EuroPython/2007/FeeStructureAttendees]].)
   * Registration details will be published along with special accommodation details once registration is enabled.
   * An announcement of registration will be prepared with information about keynote speakers, a reminder about paper submissions. Information for potential sponsors may be made available in full as a separate announcement.
 * Keynote speaker #3 is still uncertain, or at least no news from Steve is forthcoming.
 * Sponsorship
   * Aiste will pursue other avenues within Google.
   * Michael had nothing to report.
   * The [[EuroPython/2007/CallForSponsors]] was finalised with deadline details.
 * Related to sponsor deadlines, the issue of programmes was discussed with various points of view expressed:
   * Some people prefer paper programmes, others would find PDF versions acceptable.
   * "On demand" programmes might be nicer to the environment, but previous experiences with self-service arrangements (eg. in 2005) apparently led to disappointment.
   * Some kind of paper version, albeit not a "posh" one, seemed to appeal to the meeting participants.
 * Visa issues were discussed, with the group agreeing...
   * That registrants requiring visas have to sort the bureaucracy out themselves. In other words, contact the appropriate entity, be familiar with the procedures, and so on.
   * And that such registrants requiring visas would most probably need to provide the "reason for participation" which already appears in the registration form.
   * That the letter of invitation is as involved as the organisers are prepared to be on this matter. This is consistent with other conferences - GUADEC being just one example.
 * The questionnaire results from last year's conference will be made available by Aiste.

== Agenda ==

 * Registration
   * Special accommodation details and forms have been made available, but now need to be published.
   * The registration form (and Indico "workflow") should be approved and published. Benedikt was to complete the e-payment section, but anyone with knowledge in this area might like to assist.
   * Any last minute negotiations about student rates should occur at the meeting so we can make the announcements and forms available. (See [[EuroPython/2007/FeeStructureAttendees]].)
 * Keynotes
   * Steve needs to confirm what's happening with keynoter #3.
 * Sponsorship
   * Aiste will report about the current status of Google.
   * Michael will report about any progress with his contacts.
 * Announcements
   * We should agree to make announcements about the above points this week.
   * The text and timing of the keynote announcement, [[EuroPython/2007/CallForSponsors]] and registration announcement will be finalised.

== Notes ==

See [[http://www.europython.org/sections/calendar|the calendar]] to get an idea of where we should be at this point in time.
