= IRC Meeting #14 =

== Time/Location ==

The meeting will take place on Monday 11th June (2007-06-11) 18:00 CEST (17:00 BST, 16:00 UTC/GMT) in the #europython channel on freenode.net. ''That's 5pm UK time, 6pm in most of Western Europe.'' The suggested duration of the meeting is at most ''one hour''.

== Agenda ==

 * Bea and David will report about any progress made with getting invited speakers to the conference.
 * Laura will clarify the funding situation with regard to travel expenses and the PSF.
 * Paul, Bea, Harald(?), Laura and Michael will report on the current sponsorship status.
 * Aiste will report on the status of printing facilities.
 * David is continuing to follow up on Simon.
 * David Axmark's bio details need to be finalized.
 * Announcements - which ones need to be done this week?
 * Schedule - this needs to be finalised and added to Indico.

== Notes ==

See [http://www.europython.org/sections/calendar the calendar] to get an idea of where we should be at this point in time.
