= IRC Meeting #8 =

== Time/Location ==

The meeting will take place on Monday 30th April (2007-04-30) 18:00 CEST (17:00 BST, 16:00 UTC/GMT) in the #europython channel on freenode.net. ''That's 5pm UK time, 6pm in most of Western Europe.'' The suggested duration of the meeting is at most ''one hour''.

== Minutes ==

 * Keynotes
   * We agreed that Simon Willison would do one of the keynotes. David will contact him with the details. Laura will field questions about logistics (travel, accommodation, etc.) as necessary.
   * Guido is tentatively confirmed as the second. Michael will finalize this.
   * Laura will ask Steve Alexander about the status of the other speaker.
 * Sponsorship
   * One sponsor was confirmed by Michael (and Benedikt).
   * Michael will chase up two other candidates.
   * We will put out a call for sponsors.


== Agenda ==

Suggestions:

 * Status of the keynote speakers - this should be finalised.
   * David needs to report on what he's done and discuss the situation regarding arrangements for speakers.
   * Others also handling keynotes should report on progress.
 * Finishing the theme descriptions for use in Indico.
   * Status of the Agile and Social Skills theme descriptions (["EuroPython/2007/TrackDescriptions"]) - Bea will have approved these, or have provided suggestions for improvements.
 * Sponsorship/finance:
   * Laura will have asked about PyCon's sponsorship packages and will give details.
   * Status on handing over information about the budgets for 2005 and 2006 to the EP 2007 organisers.
   * Providing a sponsorship at europython.org address.
   * Participation of Google (Michael), other previous sponsors (Benedikt or Michael).
   * Ideas about sponsorship packages/levels, rates, facilities: see [http://mail.python.org/pipermail/europython/2007-April/006307.html Aiste's message] for details.
   * Look at the financial plan to get ideas of sponsorship rates (Nicolas). A general idea of budgetary constraints is needed: attendee rates should be decided, too.
 * Reminders:
   * Harald posted [http://mail.python.org/pipermail/europython/2007-April/006320.html information about sponsorship] to the mailing list. Further discussion about sponsorship details will continue there.
   * Harald mentioned that the information about accommodation and food costs needs to be clarified.
   * Work on the fee structure will be carried out on the mailing list. See ["EuroPython/2007/FeeStructure"] for a comparison between fees and sponsorship prices in previous years.
   * Registration is supposed to open ''very soon'', so some idea of fees needs to materialise quickly.

== Notes ==

The things that need to be decided are mostly to do with finance and, by extension, sponsorship. If there's a formula to use to decide how much sponsors will be charged and how much attendees will pay, we need to start assigning values to some of the variables as soon as possible.

We also need to decide on keynote speakers and make arrangements for their travel and accommodation. They may also need some guidance about the material they want to present, such as how long the keynote slots are.

See [http://www.europython.org/sections/calendar the calendar] to get an idea of where we should be at this point in time.
