= IRC Meeting #5 =

== Minutes ==

(From an incomplete IRC log - thanks a lot, X-Chat!)

 * Promotion:
   * python.org now has an announcement for the Call For Proposals.
   * The EuroPython site now has a more visible "submit a talk" link.
   * Benedikt has spread the word at CERN.
   * The CFP should be sent to europython-announce.
   * Armin and the PyPy people could mention EuroPython at RuPy.
   * Bea suggested contacting ZEA in order to get the word around in the Zope community.
   * David suggested contacting Ron Stephens for the Python411 podcast.
   * Paul reminded everyone about ["EuroPython2007/ArticleForPythonPapers"] (and will edit it some more).
   * Aiste will translate the CFP into Russian and try and promote it in the Russian speaking world.
   * Other "channels" have been informed - see ["EuroPython/2007/PublicRelations"] for a table and feel free to update it!
 * Opening times: Aiste will inform the mailing list about facilities and their opening times/availability.
 * Sponsorship:
   * Contact points:
     * The europython-sponsorship mailing list is still active.
     * Michael suggested a sponsorship at europython.org address.
   * Benedikt or Michael will look into Google participation.
   * Commercial concerns:
     * Paul noted that PyCon feedback had been somewhat negative about sponsored talks.
     * Michael said that sponsor lightning talks had been "mildly ridiculed" by some people.
     * Laura noted that some people regard PyCon as being "too commercial" and warned about having too many "talks about what people are doing at work" rather than cool stuff.
     * David mentioned that "more employers are sympathetic to community events", referring to employers' expectations of what their employees are going to be doing at the conference.
   * Packages:
     * Harald mentioned that sponsors are comfortable with "gold/silver/titan" sponsorship levels and it can be a basis for negotiation.
     * It was agreed that by having preset levels (or suggestions), it makes the conference look more marketable.
     * Paul argued that being prepared was critical so that potential sponsors could be handled, but that being flexible (listening to what sponsors are used to) is important.
     * Bea wondered about budget and venue issues.
     * Aiste noted that four booths could be accommodated.
     * Aiste will check with the hotel about sponsor streamers at the entrance (mentioned in the previous packages).
     * The sponsor information template was located in CPS.
   * It was decided that a better idea of budget coverage and facilities was needed for the next meeting, along with more ideas about what sponsors might want.
 * A time limit of one hour was suggested for subsequent meetings.
 * Next meeting was suggested for Monday 16th April.

== Time/Location ==

The meeting will take place on Monday 2nd of April (2007-04-02) 18:00 CEST (17:00 BST, 16:00 UTC/GMT) in the #europython channel on freenode.net. ''That's 5pm UK time, 6pm in most of Western Europe.''

== Agenda ==

No agenda yet. Suggestions:

 * Finishing the theme descriptions in Indico: "education" and "social skills" are missing; "agile" needs reviewing; suggestions welcome about the others.
 * Promotion: we're on python.org now, but what other channels should be involved? See ["EuroPython/2007/PublicRelations"] for interesting avenues, along with some materials used by the PyCon organisers.
 * Sponsorship. Any motion here?
   * EuroPython sponsorship has become fairly unobtrusive: Web site banners, some promotional activity at the conference.
   * In contrast, PyCon has maintained the previous "sophisticated" sponsorship plans: http://us.pycon.org/TX2007/HowToSponsor
   * Some resistance to promotional keynotes and lightning talks is detectable in the PyCon feedback: ["PyCon2007/Feedback/Comments"]
   * Perhaps a dialogue with potential sponsors is better than the usual bronze/silver/gold categories.
