= Other comments =

== How can we improve PyCon next year? ==

Have lightning talk speakers sign up for lightning talks in advance,
and have people vote on the lightning talks on the first day or so, so
it gets a little more condensed?  OTOH that kinda defeats the purpose
of lightning talks.  Just an idea.

Having the Open Space schedule available online would have been very
convenient.  Although I realize that budget is a concern, if possible,
it would be nice to have something quick and easy available at
breakfast time both for convenience and to foster socializing in the
mornings before the Keynotes.

Serve breakfast.  Meals in some sort of hall with better table
arrangement for eating and socializing during meals.  More visible
vendor tables.

Coffee available 1st thing in the morning!!!!    Have speakers show
something other than slides. Far too many presentations consisted of
nothing but slides.

At the moment, I'm too ecstatic about this one to have any criticism
in mind. I'll get back on this one.

more wireless bandwidth, more vendors,

See if you can get Guido to dress up in the BDFL costume from Monty
Python ;-)

Make sure hotel guests are not relocated.     Better snacks.    More
tutorial days/options.    Free WiFi in hotel room

Perhaps better sound? Also, I got *VERY* annoyed at people constantly
coming in late to every single talk. It really disrupted things. It
was very aggravating and very rude.

Wireless network -- was very difficult on Friday, but got better on
Saturday and Sunday (thankfully).    I still think soup + 600 geeks
with laptops is a bad idea.    I don't like having Guido's keynote
during lunch; this is really the one unmissable talk of the entire
conference, and it simply takes too long to get people out of the
rooms and into line, through the line, and back into the ballroom in
time for his talk.  Further, his keynote usually expands to either
fill or slightly surpass the time available, so starting a little late
because of the lunch logistics means that the schedule of other
presentations later in the day is impacted.  (Although the session
chairs did a VERY good job of getting everything back on track
quickly, many kudos to them.)    Make sure the hotel contract doesn't
allow the hotel to shuffle people to other hotels after they've
already had reservations okayed by the main venue.    Were the chairs
and tables designed to punish my back for sins of a past life?  I
developed terrible back pains very quickly.  They don't seem well-
suited to laptop use.

Cluster the jython presentations on one day, and similarly the
IronPython ones.    Need to get more AV staff - perhaps ask for
volunteers early, like session chairs?    Would be nice to have
optional short bios of people on the PyCon site coming prior to
coming, so that newbies (and others) can identify people that they'd
perhaps like to meet with, rather than depend on hit-and-miss...
clearly not an issue for old hands.

Not sure.  You are already doing a great job.

Increase available bandwidth.

Better network access (more bandwidth, access points, etc).  Knowing
that the B/G radios were going to be cranked down so low would have
been nice to know ahead of time (to get an A card).  Maybe that was an
on the spot decision though.    A single pre-convention email with
various tips about what to bring/be prepared for/other last minute
announcements would be nice.  Maybe the week before the convention.

The pycon website could be better.

Some of the talks seemed to be too basic, it would be nice to have
some more advanced talks (I know it's hard to please everyone).  This
also may be due to how much time they have to spend on their talk, and
it is difficult to hit much during that time.

I found the food at the hotel to be less than satisfying, and the
talks this year were generally less useful to me than last year,
because I felt that they were mostly too shallow in what they covered.
I also missed several talks that conflicted with other talks I would
like to attend.  I would prefer only 2 tracks, rather than three, and
I would like there to be fewer keynotes and more long/advanced talks
that can go into increased depth.

Select the accepted talks earlier.  Add speaker name in schedule.
Survey attendees about talk interest before fixing the original
schedule.  Consider a variable number of parallel tracks (i.e. not
always 3).  Group the talks a bit better around themes.  For example,
there could have been 4 talks in a row about Python in Education
running in parallel with talks about Python web frameworks - as these
two topics likely have little overlap in terms of attendees interest.
Make it possible for attendees to give feedback anonymously by email
to speakers about their talk.

More lightning talks.

Group topics to dig deeper;  more BOFs (Best practices - For example, a
linked series of   testing talks - Unit testing, nose for running a
series of unit tests, load testing, etc.  Multiplatform programming -
Apple, windows, palm, nokia.  Use the same program and get it to run
on as many systems as possible.)

Schedule more time for lightning talks.  They were very entertaining
and informative!  I also think a continental breakfast would be nice.

It is difficult to be gone over the weekend.

The tutorials were terrific. If I were to attend next year I would
probably attend two days of tutorials (given the right topics were
offered).    The talks were not long enough. It seemed that the talks
were long enough for the inexperienced speaker to get themselves into
trouble but too short for any real depth. Lightning talks serve the
purpose of brief overviews and status reports. The talks should go
deeper.

1) more lightning talks  2) keep the web schedule updated with the
write-in Bof/open space sessions  3) can you require presentation
materials before the talk (or at least some early version of them) to
help decide which ones to attend?  4) Name badges should have
indicated what location and/or company people are coming from  5)
Maybe before keynotes, during lunches or any other periods of
inactivity, you can run a slideshow loop. use previous pycon photos
and allow people to submit photos before hand (example, screenshots of
people's projects, allow anything python related). allows people to be
creative and not necessarily have to give a lightning talk to get
their word out.

More breaks with fruit or vegetable trays for snacks.  Nuts are good,
too.  Not so much the fruit bars.

Ned Batchelder's suggestion:  Allow people to list URLs, projects,
talks, or companies that they are associated with.  Annotate name tags
with that info.  Similarly, maybe a who's who book with that info.

*WARMER* rooms...PyCon should not be a huge fridge

Bigger event rooms.  More information on the given talks. Hard to note
what you want to see with 5-10 lines.  Enforce people to post their
slides beforehand.  Better evening event organisation, was a shambles
trying to find out what was happening and when.

9AM without coffee & muffins was rough.    5 minutes between talks was
good; back to back is tough.    Longer supper break?  No supper break?
Provide some dinner?    Two lightning talk tracks, separated by
subject?    I was happy with PyCon coverage.  However I ran into
several other system admins who use Python.  They may be a fairly
small group though.

Consider organizing the talks into categories (or maybe even tracks in
the schedule) such as:    1. Case studies of Python use (e.g.
education)  2. Intros to Python applications (e.g. Trac, Django)  3.
The Python language and dev/dist tools  4. Fringe/new ideas, projects
in their infancy

Begin call for papers much sooner, specifically targeting more
technical papers, in-depth talks that give code demonstrations.

Overall, the organization of the event exceeded my expectations.    1.
Eliminate the 'How Python is helping to change the XYZ industry'
talks.  These are usually the most boring.  On the rare occasions
they might have something interesting to offer, they can't release
project source.  OTOH, these talks help narrow down my personal
selection process.  ;-)    2. Maybe have a separate internet channel
for the speaker's computers.  Or inform them not to expect a reliable
connection.

We need more room!!  A great problem to have.  There were times when
people were eating lunch on the floor.  It would also be nice to have
easier access to the schedule; perhaps either projected somewhere or
on overhead monitors.

Overall I think it was very well run.      If the board for posting
for open-space/BOF meetings could somehow be online, that'd be awesome
- although I can see where it'd be a fair amount of work.

Screen the keynotes better...  Scrap the tote bag

maybe have a 'network sync-up' session after registration, with some
network experts to help get connected.  my machine connected
flawlessly, but i saw several people spend the first day of tutorials
trying to get connected to the network.    also, i thought Guido's
presentation was a bit too long for an all-comers event.  the summary
of coming python features could have been cut to 30 minutes.
Finally, do *not* schedule any kind of speaking engagement during
lunch.

contract someone (hotel or other) to install/remove power outlets

- Wider hallways (or less tables in them) to avoid traffic jams    

- More advanced talks. This doesn't necessarily mean code, it can mean more algorithms, deeper concepts, etc.    

- Shorter days (even if it means one more day) - I was completely wiped out by Sunday afternoon
the last couple of years - to the point of having trouble paying
attention. This would also give more time for socializing and/or
experimenting with the things being presented.

Keep up the Lightning Talks - there were great!  Better screen the
content of the talks - a good number of the presentations sucked.
Either the presentor was horrible or the material so basic and
pointless that the whole presentation seemed to be a waste.  Stress to
speakers that the talk should be more than informative, less hype.
Also, slides and slides of code are pointless.  IPython and DSL talks
were good.  Trac talk was disappointing.  Scaling web sites talk was
very good, nice way to demo their point.

Tiny matter, but restock refreshments through out the day (and
conference). Marriott frequently doesn't do a good job of this, based
on other conferences I've attended.      But that's a tiny suggestion.
I thought it was great conference.

 * Hold event at a hotel in or very close to downtown so it's easier to get around (bus,subway, CHEAP taxi rates)    
 * Consider Canada (Cheap, still speak English mostly)    
 * Don't hold in Texas

Well, it does need to be in a bigger venue. The halls were getting
pretty crowded.

The shorter lightning talks were the bomb.  You could just run
lightning talks around the clock and it would rock.

Not necessarily in order:    - The food was average at best.  - 30
minute sessions do not allow the speakers to get into the topics with
enough detail. I'd propose moving to a 45 min and 1 hr format instead
of the 30 min and 45 min format. There were several time slots where I
was not interested in any of the 3 options, and only a couple where I
was interested in multiple talks that were scheduled at the same time. This
might indicate that you could have 4 or 5 tracks with the longer time
slots and do better. Repeating the most attended sessions a couple of
times should address the matter of the most popular talks being
crowded.    The halls were too narrow for the number of people
attending the conference. There was constant crowding during breaks,
and while waiting to enter the next session.    Require the speakers
to post their presentation material to the PyCon site a few days
before the conference. I'm still waiting to get copies of several of
the presentations, especially the Keynotes!    A separate area for the
vendors, and a few more vendors might make that aspect of the
conference better for attendees and the vendors. Being crowded into an
already cramped hall had to be difficult for them, and definitely
reduced their traffic.

Keep the lightning talks as a peer to the Keynotes, and at the end as
a plenery. Try to keep the tracks in chunks... for example, this year
IronPython was split up.  No more than three tracks.  Keep all non-
track options to the evening... maybe preschedule some of the BOFs
rather than just Open Spacing everything.  Relative to room use, this
year was much better than last year. Mesquite seemed more roomy than
the ones across the hall from the main room, maybe just ceiling
height, and having those smaller rooms across the hall was better.
Keep that in mind for future venue room allocation.    VERY WELL
DONE!!

I would like to see a list of the lightning talks presenters posted on
the conference site.  These talks are often useful for links, and
knowing how to contact the presenter would be useful.

Put attendee organizations on the badges.

Give BOFs more prominence and make them easier to attend.    See if
you can figure out scheduling preferences in a live way like you did
this year but even better so as to know how to allocate rooms. That
guy who does xkcd has neat algorithms for this, doesn't he?

Schedule more free time in between each talk and in general. Have more
special events like OSCON - city tours, photo tours, bookstore trips,
etc. This helps connect people over stuff other than Python.

Have breakfast & coffee available in the morning

Is it possible for potential attendees to 'vote' ahead of time on the
talks they would like to see? could help avoid high-demand talks being
at same time.

The food should be available for a longer time.  It seems like the
food was put away too early.

Take lightning talks back to what they really represent, rather than
some vendor ad-spot. Make sure they are 5 minutes or less.    Better
scheduling of tracks - too many times graphics or game talks were
scheduled against each other. Or pure language talks (eg. pypy vs.
python-dev)

1) Many of the presentations I attended could have been given in a
lightning talk. This would hopefully force those with poor
presentation skills to work on their presentations more, instead of
appearing that they had not done so at all. Preparing for a
presentation is certainly more than preparing PowerPoint.  2) Allow
more time for keynotes! The r0ml keynote especially -- I could have
listened to him all day. Have a break time maybe -- allow the keynote
speaker to continue for those who are digging the speaker, allow other
talks to go on at the same time after this break time.  3) Along with
number 1 -- possibly more time for lightning talks? Some 5 minutes,
others 10 minutes. Reserve one room for lightning talks (introductions
to things) while other, longer talks are going on. A lot of the talks
I attended were introductions to a library/application/framework/etc.
I could have read the website in less time than it took the presenters
to present the material they had. An introduction is an introduction.
Keep it short. Reserve the longer talks (30-45 minutes) for more in
depth information of the topic.

Allow for repeats of 'Best Of' at the end. Had to miss a few of the
sessions I heard really good things about.    Try to restrict session
speakers to people who have a visible history with the topics they are
speaking on.    Two of the keynotes were similar, would prefer more
variety.

Invite better keynoters (r0ml rocked, but the rest kinda sucked)

More room for walking around.  Wireless access in the rooms

Better hotel.

Personally I'd prefer more focus on uses for Python other than web
apps and database frontends.  There were only a few talks having to do
with scientific computing with python, which is what I use it for.

I don't have much to give here.  This was my first PyCon and I
absolutely loved every second of it.  Everything worked out perfectly.
If the conference was one day longer with talks that would have been
very cool!    Well, the Internet connection worked very well for me.
I never had a dropped signal.  The throughput wasn't great, but for
the number of computers it was handling I didn't mind one bit.  But
improving the amount of bandwidth would be nice, but only if you are
able too. :)

Please find a venue w. free wifi in the rooms.    Perhaps find a way
to record video directly from presenters' machines, instead of having
to videotape dimly lit projection screens?

Improve and integrate various apps (registration, speakers,
sponsorship).    Add social features with mashups to LinkedIn and
similar sites (I'll be talking with Doug about this).

Definitely work on the network problem. It really wasn't that bad but
at times you couldn't do anything.    I would really liked to have had
slides available for many of the talks. I know it's not feasible in
many cases but it really helps to be able to follow along when a
speaker is not exactly experienced in public speaking and/or I am
sitting in the back row behind someone that is tall.

Make sure all speakers understand the importance of making their talks
high-content.    The thing I look for in a presentation is detailed
content and/or opinion based on a common experience and/or a demo that
gives me a new tool that I can use.  The worst are 'experience' talks.
I went to some talks (unicode was the worst) that were just sort of
unfiltered 'experience' which to me speaks of a lazy presenter.  Your
experience should lead you to conclusions, should include a summary of
possible solutions to your problems, and useful reasons why you chose
one option over the other.

The thing appears to be growing a lot - be prepared for a crowd (~ 700
people), but continue to promote it so as not to get burned should
people not get word and not show.    A bit reactionary - but pull
keynote subjects back towards Python and Python apps.

Plan fewer talks with more time between them.

Provide small reading lights at podiums for talks for the speaker.
Manage Job openings better.

The food was not very good this year.  The most important thing would
be to start each day with coffee.  I had to buy coffee before the
keynotes because there was none available.  People who drink coffee
like to drink it first thing in the morning.    I'd like to see a more
regular schedule.  It was very hard to keep track of what was going on
when, because talks started at odd times like 4:40pm.  If the schedule
had a more regular runtime, e.g. starting talks on the half-hour, then
it would be easier to remember when they start and easier to find the
talks I wanted to attend.    There were some unfortunate scheduling
conflicts.  The python-dev panel was opposite the PyPy talk; most of
the panelists mentioned that they wanted to do to that talk.  A cool
technical solution would be to post the schedule early and get people
to pick N talks they want to attend (say N=10?).  The pick a schedule
that minimizes those conflicts.  I'd say the python-dev panel and the
PyPy talk were two of my top five choices.

 * keep a higher temperature in the conference rooms -- it was warm outside and freezing inside, why?  
 * give a longer dinner break (1.5 hours?) because it was difficult to get back to the evening activities on time  
 * have a schedule application like the main one for the bofs and other such activities

The conf. net access was great.  :)  It'd be nice to find a hotel that
had access in the rooms too.    I'd also to be closer to the
airports.

Better wireless support.

A little more filtering of Lightning talks would be good, otherwise it
was wonderful.

Faster internet! (I bet all the guys say that).

I haven't seen any videos of the talks, but I'm sure it can always be
done better.

Have a bit more insight to the hotel.  It seemed as though you lot
were struggling to fill the rooms to meet the quota.  However the
opposite seemed to be the case.  There seemed to be a cut off of 01
Feb that appeared mid-Feb (however, it is possible that I missed it).
It would also be nice to pick a place that has better public
tranportation - Denver has a bus (RTD) that runs from the airport to
Downtown for $6.00 and $1.00 for a transfer.  Things to keep costs
down would not go amiss.

Don't have people eat in the same rooms used for the talks, or if they
do, tell them to clean up after themselves.

Bring back Robert Lefkovitz for another keynote!!!  Better wireless
(of course).  More lightning talk sessions.  More clothing for sale.
Better indication in hallways of when talks are starting & ending.
Get more visibility for user groups, and for Python activity outside
the US.  Maybe ask earlier for user group/international talks,
lightning talks, etc.  Have a panel on how the Python community can
support user groups: the Python advocacy talk mentioned how a small $$
investment in user groups can go a long way.     Summary reports of
Open Space achievements/ideas. I found out about the 'Things Python
can borrow from other languages' results only because I happened to
come across a blog posting.

Network - see about a Squid proxy or some sort of streaming proxy
(http-replicator comes to mind).  I'd be willing to manually fiddle
with routes/proxy settings to go around my vpn if I could get a
locally-cached version of something.    Food - if restaurants are so
readily available as this year, I don't see a problem with having a
lunch or two on your own.  Although I would like some sort of
breakfast goodies, even if it's just muffins and bagels.  The food
area was packed and there was no time to mingle... which is why I
suggest offsite on your own lunches to lessen the crowds.    The
schedule (for me at least) put several talks I was interested in
across from each other.  Maybe mix it up a little bit so 'Writing your
own python types in C' and 'Python, unicode, and internationalization'
aren't at the same time.  Or SQLAlchemy and 'Scaling python'.    The
website was also kind of... hmm, it'd be great if we had a schedule
that _didn't_ have the mouseover things, or at least cached them when
you load the page so it doesn't require constant connectivity (yes I'm
volunteering to help).    Overall I thought it was a great conference,
and I'll be back next year.  Keep the lightning talks -- if I had to
pick my favorites I'd say Guido's keynote and the lightning talks
because the people were conversational.

a) avoid refuse(food) cluttering-up tables  b) discourage people from
entering sessions      late as that is distracting.       and/or
oil the hinges on the doors.  c) discourage/prevent talk overruns.
Makes people late for other talks and delays     start of next talk in
the same room.  d) Try use both screens if two available      (e.g.
the lightning talks)  e) More central location (e..g access to town)

 - Better sound, most speakers sounded distant  
 - Make it a day longer and make the sessions a little longer.  
 - Get rid of the tote bags, put everything on a USB key, no paper waste  
 - No slogans on tshirts, please, make them business friendly  
 - Breakfasts!  Skip the snacks, give us breakfast!

Session chairs for all sessions and videos of all talks would be good.

The snacks ran out very quickly.  If you ran to the restroom, you went
hungry.    Provide a restaurant guide like http://www.schneier.com/restaurants-rsa2006.pdf  ... ok, it doesn't have to be /that/ good,
but a basic guide would be really nice.  (Hmm... sell ad space?
Oooo... you should get tummy.com to sponsor it! :) )  Assuming solid
wireless, a softcopy would be enough.    The events schedule page
looked really nice, but was hard to use in Konqueror; the detail boxes
disappear when you try to access the links in them.

- PROVIDE BREAKFAST!!!!!!!!!!!!  - Choose a location that does not
have snow and where temperatures are significantly above freezing.  -
Choose a venue that has adequate space. This year was too crowded.

Do some extra analysis of who wants to attend what talk and try to
avoid double-scheduling.

Better organized lightning talks    Less recruiting, or less blatant
recruiting at least.

Shorten keynotes by 15 minutes.    Add 1 more session to day    Better
open session room management

More organizing of PyEdu activities: at least a BoF.

Add a Squid Proxy server with some very fast Disk I/O, and at least
two caching only DNS servers.  This could be a huge performance
increase.

I miss the printed slides offering you did last year.

Better separation of material into tracks.

Hard to imagine -- this has been the best conference I have attended
in 22 years.

Well, I stayed there very briefly and unfortunately cannot really
recommend anything about improving pycon.

The may not apply for next year.  But in Dallas, most people left the
hotel for dinner.  But the dinner break was only one hour.  Although I
need to eat, I also didn't want to miss the evening activities (OLPC,
python lab, etc.)).  I would be okay with boxed dinners if you want to
eat quickly.  Or I'd be okay if dinner was two hours.    Something to
drink during breakfast, specifically coffee and iced tea.    More
orange juice.  It was consistently gone by people who listened to the
keynote in the hallway.  Very irritating.

Higher visibility of Birds Of Feather and other general talks.

This was a really awesome conference.    It would have been really
cool to have the open space board closer to the registration desk.
The wireless was OK, but could be bette, and #pycon should have been
advertised with specific instructions.

More space in tutorials.

Needs to have a mechanism for individual attendees who may not know
other attendees to be able to be grouped together for dinners.  (e.g.
the 'I'm a stranger' buttons at MacWorld; or a message board)

Hold it in Chicago.

Get more talk materials available on the web before the talks.

Network was great, bandwidth sucked -- please fix it!    Tie the BoF
sessions into the schedule.

Peer talk reviews.    Review web app.    Lightning talks during lunch
is terrible for note takers.    Sponsor talks should be encouraged to
*teach* something, not just be a PR opportunity to recruit.    Note to
presenters: turn off video blanking; make sure font is readable and
last slide should include URL.

Hold it closer to my home (Toronto).  Chicago's a good start.

Build the us.pycon.org site with a Zope 3-based CMS.

The WiFi was good - but not 100%. Some talks I just couldn't get
online.    Some of the 'case study' talks were pretty dull.    Putting
the Python-dev talk alongside PyPy and WSGI was frustrating !    The
evenings were disorganised generally.

Make it cheaper.  More lightning talks.  Encourage REAL pair
programming in the sprints. The sprints were silent coding for most of
the people.

Other comments?
----------------------------------------
The conference this year seemed to be the smoothest run PyCon yet.
Kudos to all the organizers who put in all the hard work to make it
look so easy.

Very well organized!  The DFW users group is amazing.

I had an amazingly good time and can not think of a better way to have
spent the last few days. I wish I could've stayed on for sprints, but
couldn't just abandon my job with a bronchitis outbreak going on.

well done overall.

better overflow contingencies

I loved it! This was my first PyCon. I really enjoyed the diversity of
the talks, the awesomeness of the food, and the incredible transfer of
knowledge.

So much swag! Hooray!  Overall excellent, I had a great time.  ...
The keynotes from Ivan Kristic and r0ml ... were honking great ideas
(let's do more of those!).  The photo contest was a great idea, but I
think it added an extra level of people being slightly in the way in
the often tight quarters in halls and conference rooms.  And I was
disappointed that the results weren't ready in time for the closing
remarks.  Once again, I am overwhelmed by the awesomeness of the
Python community; definitely the nicest, coolest, most warm and
welcoming tech community I've ever encountered!  I'm so glad that
PyCon exists to bring us all together.

Smooth and well-organised overall ... great effort!! Maybe need to
request greater variety of clothing preferences to sponsors ...
FWIW I felt a few presenters ended their talks by talking about the
recruitment needs of their company, some on the basis that the
companies had 'sponsored' them. I'd like to see talks for the sake of
talks ... and not have advertising anywhere in the content. In any
case it might be helpful to ensure that whatever policy the PyCon
organisers have in this regard is communicated clearly to prospective
speakers (and audiences) ...

It was great overall.  I enjoyed the talks, keynotes and all the
people I got to meet.    The hotel staff were very friendly and
helpful and it was a nice place to stay.    Hats off to everyone who
worked on making PyCon what it was this year.  What a great time and a
great value!

some more comments

Thank you guys so much.  I enjoyed it very much.

If you don't intend to make the results of this survey public, at
least communicate the results about 'preferred talks' to the speakers.

I found the keynotes, particularly the ones from Ivan and R0ml, to be
very inspiring.  I very much look forward to PyCon in Chicago next year.

I didn't care for the restrictions on bringing in food. In other
words, have better options than the hotel restaurant for eating dinner
at the conference location.

Best PyCon ever.

This conference rivaled the later DC PyCons as far as attendance,
excellence, and business/personal networking are concerned: most
excellent.

I enjoyed working with Mary and Bonnie out at the registration desk,
and will probably sign up again to help out next year, assuming I
attend.

Thanks to all of you who put this on.  What a great effort.

Several of the talks were quite weak - especially the ones where the
presenters were just users of the thing being discussed, not the
actual developers themselves.   Some of the talks seemed to be a bit
much on the advocacy side - and light on useful technical info.    I
understand though that you have to select from the proposals you get -
and can't just order up great talks.

Lots of fun and lots of good people

this was my first pycon, and i had a lot of fun.

Great conference!

It's hard to understand how such a great conference can be done for
such a cheap registration price compared to other conferences.

Overall, a good conference.  Was my first PyCon but I've been to LOTs
of other developer conferences over the past 10+ years.  Didn't mind
the rough edges and the price was right!  Might be too many sessions.
The good ones seemed to end too soon, but the sucky ones last too
long.  Coordination of the BoF was messy, was hard to find where
people were gathering.  I missed both Twisted BoF cause the room
and/or time on the board was wrong - that sucked.  Better coordination
on the BoF scheduling would be great.  Would be great if the community
in general had a voice as to what sessions make it each year.  Again,
goes back to the point where a number of the sessions were very light
on material and substance.   Keynotes were very good - great job
setting those up!  Besides Guido's keynote on Saturday, give us more
at lunch time - either more keynotes or more Lightning Talks!

I do not care whether it's on the weekend or weekday, an option that
was missing on that question.

Need more 'after-convention' activities that continue on after the
actual talks are finished (such as the Ubuntu install fest this year).
Had the 'video's of an educational/entertainment nature' actually
taken place, might have been ok.

Overall, it's a great experience. I'm only sad I couldn't afford to
stay in the hotel, as commuting is really pretty stressful.    If I
can do it next year, though, I'm going to want to try getting involved
in a sprint, which sounds really fun.  I've been a lone amateur
programmer for years (decades actually), so I've kind of missed out on
the social aspects of programming, and I'd like to see what that's
like.

Overally, very nice!  I enjoyed it and impressed that the wireless
network worked at all given the number of laptops and the person with
the 'pycon' adhoc network.

Overall I could see there was a lot of effort put into the planning. I
appreciate the relative low cost of the conference.

Wonderful contrast and exploration between the three keynotes!  It was
a good collection of topics.

Enjoyyed the whole experience.    My THANKS to all who presented and
labored to make it possible.

Is there a list of attendees? I remember checking a box to say my name
would be included in a list, but I didn't find it on the PYCON site.
Please let speakers (esp panel speakers) know that they need to speak
close to the microphone - some would expect the mike to work from 18
inches away.    Many thanks to all the organisers.    The choice of
Keynotes was very thought provoking.

Well done.

Great wireless support!

Fun, but feels way more busy than OSCON. Suggest scheduling more free
time in general to unwind.

Thanks to all of the organizers!

great time for my first conference.

1) I'm new to Python and the Python community.  2) The best parts
about the conference were the keynotes and lightning talks.  3) Not
sure if I'll be back next year yet. I'll definitely be back if I
participate in the community during the next year. If not, working on
Python code definitely either way, I may or may not be back. Most
information I would need can be downloaded.

There were too many sessions and lightning talks that were only about
companies. Would prefer more to see what people are doing with Python
and how they are doing it.

Great job by all who put this together. The keynotes were engaging and
thought provoking as well as tech oriented. The tutorials were great
experience. The staff did a wonderful job of organizing and scheduling
including moving talks based on interest.

Extremely well done!  Congratulations

Loved it

I loved it.  Will be attending again next year.

Great job!  This PyCon was full of interesting technical content.

Great conference. Looking forward to Chicago already.

Everything about the conference was great except for the
presentations, which varied widely in quality.  Just giving the
presenters more advice on how to make a quality talk should at least
help the people who don't know how to do it I think.

Very nice job by the organizing group - I attended both 2006 and 2007
- really nice hotel - lessons from 2006 were applied to 2007 - a good
deal all around.    I didn't know the theme of the conference was
education - for the most part, I was pleasantly surprised (one
keynote was a ... downer, but I believe it was designed to be
that way).  A couple of the education talks with demos (work done by
students) were really cool.

There was too much to do!  I had to take two sick days after I
returned from PyCon

Great Job!

it was fun. thanks

Lots of fun :)

Organizers were magnificent, you all deserve medals.

Pycon was great this year, better than the last. I would like to see
more examples in the talks next year. It might be nice if you created a
'How to give a talk' document for would be presenters. It should
include basic presentation stuff, encouragements to use examples and
readable fonts.    The water and candies on the tables were cool, as
well as the post up boards for talks/bofs and jobs. I also liked the
placement of the lightning talks. More lightening talks!!!    Thanks
for all the hard work!

The vast majority of the talks were so short (30 minutes) as to be
useless.  I very much enjoyed the tutorials.  Without getting to
tutorial length of sessions, I'd much rather see more in-depth
coverage.  Though the overall value for PyCon is widely agreed to be
fantastic, I'm a little turned off of coming again, because I can get
a list of the sessions, spend 5 minutes googling each, and get pretty
much the same amount of content.  Code samples matter.  Running code
matters.  Think CodeCon.

I *loved* it!

It would have been nice is someone would have oiled the F'ing
squeeking hinge on A-E.  Seems like the lot with the sound controls
that were 5 feet away would have done something about this.    Seems
like there could be some good overlap between this and the European
PyCon.  Formats completely different - could be some
sharing/leveraging.    More insights to the sprints would help - this
was a new experience for me.

This was the best PyCon ever in terms of the quality of talks, the
relevance of the tutorials, and the smoothness of the schedule, so
keep up the high standards.

Yes. Thank you very much. It was a a pleasant/useful experience.
Organisation was good and everyone was friendly.

Good work!!

Great conference.

Great conference.  Meeting people was the best part of it.

- Wireless network was great, except for first day.  - Registration
fubar on first day should not have occurred.  - I arrived the previous
day. I would have volunteered to help on the setup evening if I had
been aware help was needed. If you need volunteers, post signs
prominently at the venue, on the website, or (as a last resort) spam
the mail list.

The main appeal of PyCon is people; it will pay to remember that.

Amazing conference.  Great folks, and smart!  Thanks, all.

Good job DFW!

It was great!

Most everything this year was better than last year.

Awesome conference; best I've ever been to!

Keynote satisfaction overall: high to very high.    Satisfaction w/
2nd keynote: low; not relevant to PyCon.    Other than that one
keynote, I loved the conference.  Nice job!

Speaker/presenter quality quite even, but good extra material from a
poor presenter helps later understanding.  Unfortunately this wasn't
often seen.

+1 for Dallas in '08!

E-learning keynote was not very applicable to audience.    Network
could have been better with a big cache (e.g. downloads of OLPC images
and thousands of schedule page hits).

Due to the chance of bad weather, it's better to hold the conference
on the West Coast or the southern states.

Brilliant, fantastic, awesome - thank you.

It was wonderful!

Everything was great! Thank you!

Networking was great. Can't wait to go again.  The food was terrific.
Compliments to the chef.
