#format rst

============================================
 Duties & Responsibilities Of PSF Directors
============================================

In a nutshell, the Directors work to fulfill `the mission of the PSF
<http://www.python.org/psf/mission>`__; we take responsibility for
moving Python and the PSF forward.  The formal responsibilities of
Directors and Officers are listed in `the bylaws, articles V and VI
<http://www.python.org/psf/bylaws>`__.  Please see `the minutes of the
monthly Board of Directors meetings
<http://www.python.org/psf/records/board/minutes>`__ for specific
actions and decisions taken.

The PSF's Directors and Officers conduct business via monthly meetings
(one hour on IRC) and an active mailing list.  We discuss the work
being done and the work to be done, and Directors vote on resolutions.

The position of Director is currently unpaid, purely volunteer.  
Certain Officers (Treasurer and Secretary) do receive a nominal 
salary.

There are two sides to a Director's responsibilities:

(1) Regular/adminstrative tasks to keep the PSF's legal standing
    healthy, and to respond to things like requests to use trademarks
    or questions about the licensing of Python.

(2) Special projects, the most neglected of which include general
    funding raising, reviving our grants process, and doing something
    about the fact that python.org is not really being maintained.

We need both people who can learn over time about the PSF so they
can eventually take over more of (1), and we need people willing
and capable of helping with some aspect of (2).

Obviously, some of (2) could be done outside of being a Director of
the PSF, but typically some PSF-level leadership is needed even for
more general things like the python.org maintenance quandary.

A Director's physical location is not an overriding factor.  All of
our monthly meetings are virtual; we meet on IRC.  We only meet
face-to-face once per year, at PyCon, and even then, it's rare for all
the Directors to attend.  We currently have Directors in the USA,
Canada, the UK, and Germany.  Having Directors in other parts of the
world and other time zones may pose a logistical problem, but this
will be worked around.

The time commitment is up to you -- what you want to work on, and how
much time do you want to spend on it.  Some activities are heavy,
others aren't; take your pick.  Attending the monthly Board meetings
is extremely important -- we need a majority of Directors in
attendance in order to acheive quorum and pass any resolutions.

The PSF-Board mailing list typically sees about two or three messages
a day, but it can peak at ten or twenty around PyCon, when the
members' meeting is held and we have major business to deal with.
