#format rst

.. This wiki page uses reStructuredText markup.


Session Chairs
==============

This page lists the session chairs for PyCon 2005.  If you wish to
volunteer to chair a session, please edit this page and replace the
word "UNASSIGNED" with your name.  If you have any questions or
concerns, feel free to get in touch with the volunteer coordinator,
`David Goodger <goodger@python.org>`__ (no need to confirm; I'm
automatically informed of changes to this page).


Responsibilities
================

Session Chairs are expected to meet briefly with the people who will
be presenting in their session, *before* the session.  Ask them a few
questions so you can introduce them (introductions should be quite
brief), and be certain you know how to pronounce their names!

Before beginning the talks, encourage the audience to fill all the
available seats instead of sitting in the aisles or standing by the
door.

Session chairs should plan to arrive in the room about 10-15 minutes
before their session in order to ensure everything is set up properly.
Make sure that the sessions start on time and keep to the schedule.
(You'll need to be sure to bring a watch!)  It is a good idea to have
little signs to let the speakers know when 10 minutes and 5 are left.
Don't interrupt in the middle of a sentence, but try to keep things
moving along on time.

Once the speakers have started, please close the doors to screen out
noise from people talking in the hallway.  If you want to leave one
door open for people to arrive quietly, that's fine, but please be
prepared to close it if people are being noisy outside.

Upon conclusion of the presentation, encourage the speaker to
disconnect his equipment and move into the hallway for discussions so
the next speaker will not be delayed in starting.

Schedule details may change, so be sure to revisit this page to confirm
prior to the event.  Here's the `detailed schedule`_ and the `list of 
talks with abstracts`_.  We also need volunteers for the `registration 
desk <../RegistrationDesk>`_.

.. _detailed schedule: http://www.python.org/pycon/2006/schedule.html
.. _list of talks with abstracts: http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks


Friday, February 24
===================

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 1 3 3 3

   * - 
     - Ballroom A-E
     - Ballroom F-J
     - Preston Trail

   * - 10:50

     - Session 1 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Python in Your Pocket: Python for Series 60
         (`69 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#69>`__)
       * Creating Presentations With Docutils and S5
         (`64 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#64>`__)
       * An Interactive Adventure Game Engine Built Using Pyparsing
         (`4 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#4>`__)

     - Session 2 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Decimal for beginners
         (`16 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#16>`__)
       * Python Can Survive In The Enterprise
         (`36 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#36>`__)
       * pysense: Humanoid Robots, a Wearable System, and Python
         (`57 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#57>`__)

     - Session 3 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * The State of Dabo
         (`34 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#34>`__)

   * - 13:20

     - Session 4 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Using Django to supercharge Web development
         (`50 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#50>`__)
       * TurboGears How-To
         (`25 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#25>`__)

     - Session 5 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Introduction to Pyparsing: An Object-oriented Easy-to-Use Toolkit for Building Recursive Descent Parsers
         (`1 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#1>`__)
       * Understanding Unicode
         (`65 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#65>`__)

     - Session 6 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * State-of-the-art Python IDEs
         (`19 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#19>`__)

   * - 15:15

     - Session 7 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Extending the life of CVS with Python
         (`31 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#31>`__)
       * Making Apples from Applesauce: The Evolution of cvs2svn
         (`46 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#46>`__)
       * bazaar-ng distributed version control
         (`72 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#72>`__)

     - Session 8 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Teaching Python - Anecdotes from the Field
         (`41 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#41>`__)
       * Osh: An Open-Source Python-Based Object-Oriented Shell
         (`14 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#14>`__)
       * SAM: Transforming a commandline tool to Web 3000 (c)
         (`40 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#40>`__)

     - Session 9 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * vobject - An iCalendar Library
         (`53 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#53>`__)
       * Zanshin: Zen and the Art of Network Client Programming
         (`54 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#54>`__)
       * Vertebral Fracture Analysis
         (`6 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#6>`__)


Saturday, February 25
=====================

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 1 3 3 3

   * - 
     - Ballroom A-E
     - Ballroom F-J
     - Preston Trail

   * - 10:50

     - Session 10 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * State of Zope
         (`73 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#73>`__)
       * Introduction to Zope Application Development
         (`58 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#58>`__)

     - Session 11 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Processing XML with ElementTree
         (`23 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#23>`__)
       * Developing an Internationalized Application in Python: Chandler a case study
         (`21 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#21>`__)

     - Session 12 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Implementation of the Python Bytecode Compiler
         (`45 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#45>`__)
       * Scripting .NET with IronPython
         (`8 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#8>`__)

   * - 13:15

     - Session 13 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Gamma: An Atom Publishing Protocol implementation for Zope 3
         (`67 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#67>`__)
       * entransit, a content deployment system
         (`71 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#71>`__)
       * New Tools for Testing Web Applications with Python
         (`52 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#52>`__)

     - Session 14 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Large-scale, cross-platform synchronization using embedded python
         (`17 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#17>`__)
       * Internet Access via Anti-Virus Policy Enforcement Software and Messaging Service
         (`18 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#18>`__)
       * Python tools for regional hydrologic modeling in South Florida
         (`56 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#56>`__)

     - Session 15 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Cuaima MetaInstaller. New tool for managing System's Installations.
         (`13 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#13>`__)
       * Packaging Programs with py2exe
         (`26 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#26>`__)
       * Building Pluggable Software with Eggs
         (`66 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#66>`__)

   * - 15:15

     - Session 16 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Introduction to CMF Application Development
         (`59 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#59>`__)

     - Session 17 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Extensible Desktop Applications: Abusing the Zope 3 Project
         (`48 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#48>`__)

     - (no talks)


Sunday, February 26
===================

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 1 3 3 3

   * - 
     - Ballroom A-E
     - Ballroom F-J
     - Preston Trail

   * - 10:50

     - Session 19 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * The Rest Of The Web Stack
         (`39 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#39>`__)
       * Effective AJAX with TurboGears
         (`11 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#11>`__)
       * Django How-To
         (`63 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#63>`__)

     - Session 20 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Stackless Python in EVE Online
         (`12 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#12>`__)
       * Agile open-source methods, Businesses and EU Funding
         (`47 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#47>`__)
       * PyPy -- where we are now
         (`38 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#38>`__)

     - Session 21 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Desktop Application Programming With PyGTK and Glade
         (`5 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#5>`__)
       * Simplifying Red-Black Trees
         (`70 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#70>`__)
       * Agile Documentation: using tests as documentation
         (`2 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#2>`__)

   * - 13:20

     - Session 22 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Mission-Critical Python and the Brave New Web
         (`60 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#60>`__)
       * Beyond Scripting: Using Python to create a medical information system with graphical template and database schema design
         (`37 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#37>`__)

     - Session 23 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * PyPy architecture session
         (`35 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#35>`__)
       * IronPython Implementation
         (`55 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#55>`__)

     - Session 24 — Chair: UNASSIGNED

       * Docutils Developers Tutorial: Architecture, Extending, and Embedding
         (`62 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#62>`__)
       * What is Nabu?
         (`24 <http://wiki.python.org/moin/PyCon2006/Talks#24>`__)

----

CategoryPyCon2006_
