== Topics ==

There are a number of areas that we can address at the sprint:

 * Installing large applications

 * Defining a way to define new ''classes'' of files that can be installed.  Zope 3 would like this for the "package-includes" files we use; it's likely generally useful.

 * Philip Eby brought up the idea of application plugins; it would be really nice to see this happen.

 * RichardJones wants to work on PEPs [http://www.python.org/peps/pep-0314.html 314] and [http://www.python.org/peps/pep-0243.html 243] (implement metadata spec 1.1 and a source package upload mechanism / repository).  FredDrake would be glad to work on PEP 314 support.

== Participants ==

 * FredDrake

 * RichardJones
