Opinionated language bigot who tries to help and encourage new Python users.

Chair of PyCon DC 2003  see also [http://pycon.org/ PyConDotOrg]

Keeper of the [http://pydish.holdenweb.com/pwp PyDish]

== Agenda, 5/15/03 ==

=== Clean up page counts in TOC outline ===

Anna will do this and resend the spread today after sorting out formatting.

=== Prepare proposal ===

We all need to prepare stuff that can go into publisher proposals. Although formats might differ, much of the information will be the same.

=== Sample Chapter ===

We all need to decide ''which'' chapter we will feature. Should be from the middle to avoid introductory overtones.

=== Chapter on the Execution Environment ===

Anna will add this chapter to the outline with her guesses on pagecount.

=== ReST Progress ===

Steve and Anna to try out ReST with a view to using it for authoring the text.

=== Next Meeting ===

To be held on June 9, at a time TBD by email.


----

== Agenda, 4/24/03 ==

=== Draft TOC ===

Steve to make a second pass and start assessing page counts.

=== Draft letter ===

Alex to update for online content.

=== APress association ===

Appears we can go for online publication with no royalty advances.

Alex will approach O'Reilly and John Wiley. Steve to approach Addison-Wesley and Sams. Anna to approach Grean Tea and OpenDocs.

=== Report on NSIS and other apps ===

All to try and build installers for "hello world"-style app in as many ways as possible.
and check out:   http://www.dair.com/autorun/arpyexe.cgi

=== ReST and the rest ===

Alex disappointed by lack of functionality. All to try for next meeting, get ideas about output formats and processing streams.

=== Next Meeting ===

The next meeting will be on Tuesday April 29 at 8am EDT.
----
CategoryHomepage
