= IRC Meeting #7 =
== Time/Location ==
The meeting will take place in the #europython channel on freenode at 19:00 CET on Friday 21st March.

== Present ==
Laura, David, Paul, Lennart, John, Samuel, Marius, Jacob, ...

== Agenda/Minutes ==
 * Talks/Themes
  * ''We decided the basic ground rules for themes and the durations of talks in the last meeting.''
  * '''Laura mentioned Steve Holden's [http://catherinedevlin.blogspot.com/2008/03/teach-me-twisted.html Teach Me Twisted] presentation at PyCon. People seem generally positive about trying the same thing at EuroPython, perhaps as part of an Open Space/Unconference day.'''
  * Workflow discussion (how the talks will be handled)
  * '''Samuel asked about the call for talks. Laura asked about the system used for PyCon UK. John mentioned using e-mail for submissions, and another system for putting the material online, with scripts to generate the HTML for a manually-organised schedule.'''
  * '''Jacob suggested using this simple, manual system, just to get going. David suggested setting up a private mailing list for submissions.'''
  * Paul will report back on any feedback about themes and theme captains.
  * David will report back on any progress in asking people about tutorials.
  * More discussion is expected about open spaces, Laura's code clinic idea and the unconference concept that Christian helpfully described on the list.
  * Marius will tell us what he found out about the hotel's video conferencing capabilities.
  * Christian will report back about copyright assignment forms for filmed contributors.
  * Useful link: http://www.europython.org/community/Talk_Suggestions
 * Registration/Budget
  * Progress of the test registration page
  * Progress of the budget and fees - ''Laura/Jacob may have obtained more information about this from Aiste.''
  * Payment systems - investigations and discoveries - Laura will report about the current status with WorldPay
 * Feedback/Surveys
  * Progress on the processing of last year's surveys
 * Sponsorship
  * Offers/packages/candidates - ''we need more information about costs from the venue for having booths, streamers, etc.''
  * ''Here is a draft of SponsorOffers
''
  * ''In the last meeting, we talked about potentially offering sponsors the opportunity to have their own SponsorSpaces in extra rooms at the venue.''
  * Discussion is expected following the happenings at PyCon
 * Publicity/Web site (status of previously discussed fixes/enhancements)
 * General discussion (if necessary)
  * Sprints
  * Keynotes
== Actions ==
