= IRC Meeting #8 =
== Time/Location ==
The meeting will take place in the #europython channel on freenode at 19:00 CET on Friday 28th March.

Please look at the minutes from the last meeting for more background information: /IRCMeeting7

== Present ==
Laura, David, Paul, Giovanni, Dinu, Stephan, Marius, John, Harald

== Agenda/Minutes ==

 * Talks/Themes
   * Dinu had posted to the europython-improve mailing list about badges.
   * '''The discussion focused around the size of the badges - John will post details to the Wiki - and the means of printing them. Further discussion about the logistics of handling last minute changes to badges will be discussed on the mailing list.'''
   * ''John, Paul, Zeth:'' to report on setting up a mailing list on europython.org for submissions and making the necessary changes to the Web site.
   * Discuss putting out a call for participation/submissions?
   * David to report back about publicising tutorials on the ''tutor'' mailing list.
   * ''Marius, Laura:'' Update on the videoconferencing arrangements.
   * '''No word back from Guide/Google about the videoconferencing.'''
   * '''Marius supplied Laura with the contact details of someone at the hotel.'''
   * Talk submission infrastructure:
   * '''Paul will mail the python.org postmaster and request a europython-talks list for submissions. Alex Moreati will populate the management system from the list.'''
   * Workflow discussion (how the talks will be handled)
   * '''David suggests that the program committee work using the as-yet-uncreated mailing list until a management system comes online.'''
   * Paul will report back on any feedback about themes and theme captains.
   * Useful link: http://www.europython.org/community/Talk_Suggestions
   * Christian will report back about copyright assignment forms for filmed contributors.
   * Ideas about the refereed papers track.
 * Registration/Budget
  * PyCon Italia wants to be able to offer passes to EuroPython as prizes.
  * '''People are generally positive about donating passes to PyCon Italia. Giovanni suggested that PyCon Italia could donate passes to their 2009 conference to the EuroPython prize draw.'''
  * '''Laura responded to Giovanni's request for brochures about EuroPython by mentioning that some should be ready by May.'''
  * ''John:'' Update on the registration page.
  * '''John is now waiting for finance information to be able to activate the registration page.'''
  * Progress of the budget and fees - ''Laura/Jacob may have obtained more information about this from Aiste.''
  * Payment systems - investigations and discoveries - Laura will report about the current status with WorldPay
 * Feedback/Surveys
  * Progress on the processing of last year's surveys
 * Sponsorship
  * Discuss the sponsorship of attendees.
  * '''The first funding request has come in. Laura tends to handle the requests until funds run out, using various criteria to decide who should get funding.'''
  * Discuss the SponsorOffers document.
  * Offers/packages/candidates - ''we need more information about costs from the venue for having booths, streamers, etc.''
 * Publicity/Web site (status of previously discussed fixes/enhancements)
 * General discussion (if necessary)
  * Sprints
  * Keynotes

== Actions ==
