= IRC Meeting #9 =
== Time/Location ==
The meeting will take place in the #europython channel on freenode at 18:00 CET on Thursday 3rd April.

Please look at the minutes from the last meeting for more background information: ["../IRCMeeting8"]

== Present ==
Paul, David, Christian, Marius, Carl, Stephan

== Agenda/Minutes ==

 * Talks/Themes
   * ''Paul'' to report on the status of python.org mailing lists for talks/contact. '''Paul will follow up and try to get the lists created as soon as possible.'''
   * Final theme changes and feedback on the [http://www.europython.org/community/Planning/CallForParticipationDraft call for participation draft].
     * Useful link: http://www.europython.org/community/Talk_Suggestions
   * ''David'' to report back about publicising tutorials on the ''tutor'' mailing list. '''No responses received.'''
   * ''Marius, Laura:'' Update on the videoconferencing arrangements. '''Guido has apparently been in direct contact with the hotel's contact.'''
   * ''Christian'' will report back about copyright assignment forms for filmed contributors. '''A discussion took place, with the conclusion being that it would be much easier (based on Carl Karsten's PyCon experiences) to get permission when talks are submitted. A Creative Commons BY-NC-SA licence was proposed. Later discussion focused on the possibility to add an item to the registration form saying that people agreed to the recording policy, thus potentially covering lightning talks, too.'''
 * Registration/Budget
  * ''Aiste/Laura/Jacob'' to report on the progress of the budget and fees.
  * Details of fees are required for registration. Discussion required!
  * ''Laura'' to indicate any change in the status of payment systems, WorldPay, and so on.
 * Feedback/Surveys
  * Progress on the processing of last year's surveys
 * Sponsorship
  * ''Aiste'' to provide information on venue costs (booths, streamers, etc.) in order to help with sponsor rate planning.
  * Further discussion of the SponsorOffers document.
  * Further discussion of the sponsorship of attendees (plus any information that should be published).
 * General discussion (if necessary)
  * Keynotes
  * Sprints

== Actions ==

 * See the bold sections above...
