= IRC Meeting #6 =

== Time/Location ==

The meeting will take place in the #europython channel on freenode on Thursday 13th March at 19:00 CET.

== Agenda/Minutes ==

 * Talks/Themes
   * Further theme discussion (need to group the themes and identify some good, distinct ones) - '''David suggests creating a list of ten or so core themes and asking people to suggest more as required'''
   * The length of talks - '''we keep the 30 vs. 60 minute slots and make 45 minute sessions fill the rest of the time with discussion'''
   * Any interest for tutorials - '''we should ask more widely to get an idea if people want this, or are interested in giving tutorials'''
   * '''Michael Sparks suggests having a day of open space - we considered that a whole day might be too unfocused, but half a day combined with tutorials, keynotes or ordinary sessions'''
   * Workflow discussion (how the talks will be handled)
 * Registration/Budget
   * Progress of the test registration page
   * Progress of the budget and fees - '''Laura indicates that the 200 Euro per-person costs figure for sponsor events/tutorials would work again'''
   * Payment systems - investigations and discoveries - '''Laura is working with WorldPay to set up a payment mechanism'''
 * Feedback/Surveys
   * Progress on the processing of last year's surveys
 * Sponsorship
   * Offers/packages/candidates - '''we need more information about costs from the venue for having booths, streamers, etc.'''
   * '''Potentially offer sponsors the opportunity to have their own SponsorSpaces in extra rooms at the venue, these only cost about 200 Euro per day and should be available.'''
   * http://mail.python.org/mailman/private/europython-improve/2008-March/000072.html
 * Publicity/Web site (status of previously discussed fixes/enhancements)
 * General discussion (if necessary)
   * Sprints
   * Keynotes
