= IRC Meeting #14 =

== Time/Location ==

The meeting will take place in the #europython channel on freenode at 18:00 CEST on Thursday 5th June.

Please look at the minutes from the last meeting for more background information: ["../IRCMeeting13"]

== Present ==

Aiste, Christian, David, Jacob, John, Laura, Paul, Samuele

== Agenda/Minutes ==

 * Registration/Budget - status as early registration end approaches
  * '''131 delegates'''
 * Keynotes - any updates
  * '''Time zone differences make it difficult to schedule Guido's keynote at the usual time, but this has been resolved.'''
 * Talks - status report on submissions received and acceptance
  * Times of breaks for the hotel to work with - '''Preliminary lunch break times were decided pending a real schedule, to be worked on by Laura and Samuele.'''
  * '''Talk acceptance will be done as part of the schedule creation process.'''
  * '''There are 55 submitted talks, including tutorials and a panel discussion.'''
  * '''John will obtain a schedule which we can publish.'''
 * Infrastructure
 * Sponsorship
  * Brief discussion of the status of sponsors, incoming materials, and so on.
  * Organising sponsors - what do we award companies that are active in organising EuroPython?
  * Further discussion of the sponsorship of attendees (plus any information that should be published).
  * '''Jacob will send Paul some banner images.'''
 * T-shirts (as noted on [http://www.europython.org/community/T-Shirts this page])
  * '''Paul will contact Zack for a T-shirt image and pass it on to Aiste.'''
 * Streaming and dedicated lines - ''We have to see what the traffic shaping is like. We need volunteers, too, so maybe it's time to use the europython-volunteer-announce list. The proposed licensing was controversial for some.''
  * '''Christian is waiting for his Lithuanian contact to get in touch. :-)'''
 * food - any updates
  * '''Will be discussed in the next meeting. I guess this will mostly be about costs.'''

== Actions ==

 * See the bold sections above...
