= IRC Meeting #12 =

== Time/Location ==

The meeting will take place in the #europython channel on freenode at 18:00 CEST on Thursday 8th May.

Please look at the minutes from the last meeting for more background information: ["../IRCMeeting11"]

== Present ==

...

== Agenda/Minutes ==

 * Registration/Budget - final adjustments
 * Getting the logo cleared with the PSF - '''Laura will contact the PSF.'''
 * Keynotes - confirmation of our speakers - '''Aiste has been introduced to Hans.'''
 * Sponsorship
  * Further discussion of the SponsorOffers document. - '''David will send this to Laura and John, and discuss it further with Jacob.'''
  * Brief discussion of existing offers from sponsors.
  * Further discussion of the sponsorship of attendees (plus any information that should be published).
 * Feedback/Surveys - progress on the processing of last year's surveys
 * T-shirts (as noted on [http://www.europython.org/community/T_Shirts this page])
 * Streaming and dedicated lines - '''We have to see what the traffic shaping is like. We need volunteers, too, so maybe it's time to use the europython-volunteer-announce list.'''

== Actions ==

 * See the bold sections above...
