= IRC Meeting #11 =

== Time/Location ==

The meeting will take place in the #europython channel on freenode at 18:00 CEST on Thursday 1st May.

Please look at the minutes from the last meeting for more background information: [[../IRCMeeting10]]

== Present ==

Aiste, David, Paul

== Agenda/Minutes ==

 * Registration/Budget
  * ''Laura'' to indicate any change in the status of payment systems, !WorldPay, and so on. ''Laura couldn't make it to the last meeting, but based on previous reports, !PayPal and "pay later" via bank transfer (and cash at the door) were assumed.'' '''Current indications suggest that !PayPal and "pay later" will remain as the only options, with !PayPal support being finalised.'''
  * The !PayPal details should be confirmed, as published here: http://www.europython.org/community/Payment_Information
  * Mentioning the recording policy (http://www.europython.org/community/Audio_and_Video) on the registration form. Should registrants have a box to tick? '''Correspondence with John suggested that it might be too confusing to do this, although issues with lightning talk recordings would arguably be reduced by such a measure.'''
  * T-shirts - any proposals or plans? See [[http://www.europython.org/community/T_Shirts|this page]]! '''Still waiting for ideas!'''
 * Keynotes
  * We have preliminary acceptance by one keynoter. What now to make it official? '''Laura is apparently waiting for confirmation.'''
  * Any progress on the consensus around streaming and dedicated lines?
  * ''Aiste, Marius, Laura:'' Update on the videoconferencing arrangements. '''Google has apparently taken control of this process.'''
 * Sponsorship
  * Further discussion of the SponsorOffers document.
  * Brief discussion of existing offers from sponsors.
  * Further discussion of the sponsorship of attendees (plus any information that should be published).
 * Feedback/Surveys
  * Progress on the processing of last year's surveys

== Actions ==

 * See the bold sections above...
