= IRC Meeting #2 =

== Time/Location ==

The meeting will take place on Thursday 7th February 2008 at 1900 CET in the #europython channel on freenode.

== Resources ==

The proposed [http://mail.python.org/mailman/private/europython-improve/attachments/20071207/5b2c8134/attachment-0001.png EuroPython logo] as suggested on the [http://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/europython-improve europython-improve] mailing list.

== Agenda ==

Posted in [http://mail.python.org/mailman/private/europython-improve/2008-February/000049.html this message].

== Minutes ==

 * Talks
   * [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T20:11:59 Samuele is in charge of talks.]
 * Budget
   * Laura needs help with the budget, but few volunteers were forthcoming without more details. Laura and Aiste, being centrally involved, need to [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T20:21:58 recruit people as needed].
   * [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T20:17:59 John will send a spreadsheet he uses for such matters.]
   * [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T20:18:27 Paul will make attendee figures, distributions available] based on more or less public information which he has from Indico. '''See [http://europython.pyconuk.org/community/Planning/Projections here] for this data.'''
 * Web site
   * The new public Web site currently resides at http://www.europython.eu/
   * Currently we've managed to expose some known stability problems which [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T20:22:45 Zeth will hopefully fix].
   * [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T20:24:43 Paul will be responsible for content and assisting Zeth with infrastructure.]
   * [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T20:29:06 Some issues were raised with the "navibar"], but these should be fixable: it concerns the width and number of entries.
   * [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T20:26:43 Paul will attempt to provoke discussion on the new/proposed logo.]
 * Timetable
   * The aim is to [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T20:39:52 announce a call for talks/proposals by the end of February] with the capability present to receive proposals.
   * If nothing more complicated is considered, it was suggested to [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T20:41:39 use an archived mailing list to collect proposals].
   * [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T20:46:06 Paul will post a draft timetable] based on previous patterns and other conferences. '''See [http://europython.pyconuk.org/community/Planning/Timetable here] for this draft.'''
 * Publicity
   * [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T20:50:04 Paul will make an announcement about the dates and venue], probably to europython-announce initially.
   * Other publicity should be organised via the mailing lists.
 * Sprints were not discussed at this meeting.
 * Sponsorship was not discussed at this meeting.
 * Keynotes
   * Several speakers were [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T20:52:32 suggested], although availability of some of them was questioned, and one keynote may be done as a video conference (like Alan Kay at EuroPython2006).
   * Although not necessarily keynote speakers, [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T20:57:48 some other suggestions were made].
 * Themes
   * Suggested themes included Py3K, mobile computing, OpenMoko, OLPC (and other big "Python inside" projects), Web, [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T21:04:57 open source software in government].
   * The prospect of having panel discussions [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T21:02:06 was raised], especially around Py3K.
   * Other conferences can, of course, offer good ideas.
 * Remaining agenda issues need input from Laura and Aiste and were not discussed.
 * [http://mg.pov.lt/europython-irclog/%23europython.2008-02-07.log.html#t2008-02-07T21:09:29 John aims to have the feedback results ready for next week.]
