= IRC Meeting #13 =

(Actually, this is more like meeting #14 or #15, but we kept the agenda from meeting #12 for two or three weeks.)

== Time/Location ==

The meeting will take place in the #europython channel on freenode at 18:00 CEST on Thursday 29th May.

Please look at the minutes from the last meeting for more background information: ["../IRCMeeting12"]

== Present ==

...

== Agenda/Minutes ==

 * Registration/Budget - status as early registration end approaches
 * Getting the logo cleared with the PSF - ''Laura was to contact the PSF. The PSF has responded to PyCon UK about their logo.''
 * Keynotes - confirmation of our speakers - ''Aiste was introduced to Hans. Biographical details plus announcement required.''
 * Sponsorship
  * Brief discussion of the status of sponsors, incoming materials, and so on.
  * Further discussion of the sponsorship of attendees (plus any information that should be published).
 * T-shirts (as noted on [http://www.europython.org/community/T-Shirts this page])
 * Streaming and dedicated lines - ''We have to see what the traffic shaping is like. We need volunteers, too, so maybe it's time to use the europython-volunteer-announce list. The proposed licensing was controversial for some.''

== Actions ==

 * See the bold sections above...
