#format rst

To help out, please `join the pycon-organizers list <http://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/pycon-organizers>`__.

**Next meeting**: Tuesday, March 25, at 19:00 UTC (2PM Eastern, 1PM Central, 12PM Mountain, 11AM Pacific).

**Update:** Some people are already on-site, others are on their way, so there won't be a formal meeting. But some people will be online.

Meetings will be held every week on Tuesday.

Meetings are held via IRC. We use the '#pycon' channel on irc.freenode.net.  `Connection details (instructions) here <PyCon/Organizers_Meetings_Connection_Details>`__.

There is a `"PyCon Planning" Google calendar <https://www.google.com/calendar/embed?src=og3ea7a3ov1tb3e18qppkd4ev8%40group.calendar.google.com&mode=MONTH>`__.  If you want write access, ask David Goodger (or just ask on `the pycon-organizers list <http://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/pycon-organizers>`__).

`Private PyCon Organizers' wiki <http://wiki.python.org/moin-pycon/FrontPage>`_ (join pycon-organizers and ask for the user/password info).


Agendas For Organizers' Meetings
===================================

(Please add items below.)

.. use blank lines between list levels!


Mar 24, 2009
------------------

* PyCon Portrait photographer requirements, equipment, photographers - http://us.pycon.org/2009/helping/photos/

Mar 17, 2009
------------------

* Signage: we should start making a list of what's needed.
* Badges: we need to ensure the summit attendees all have badges.  Do we need to enter them in the system?
* Shopping List/Shopping Tasks
* Getting a kiosk computer for on-site registration (+ wired network?)
* Send a final e-mail to pending registrations?
* Bruce Eckle talk

Mar 10, 2009
------------------
* Photography and Portraits issues

  * Dedicated space for taking portraits
  * Publicizing portraits
  * Model release for portraits (who are they releasing to)?
  * Who saves/archives the full-size originals?
  * Other expectations for still images?

* delivery to Hyatt - schedule
   
  * 200+ power stips,
  * video equipment - needs to be there March 24 - 9am ish
  * whatever is getting shipped to my house
  * laser printers
  * bulletin boards

* power strip deployment 
  
  * some/all to the tut rooms on March 24
  * some in the ballroom March 26.
  
* power strip and stuff to Atlanta

  * ship or drive?
  * who is going to take care of storage?

Feb 17, 2009
------------------
* Food and Beverage for the "Green Room".
 

Feb 10, 2009
------------------
* Sprint locations.  Network plan for sprints if held at the Crowne.
* Plan for journalists/press: how many will we allow? Access to sprints, or the summits?  (Prompted by e-mail from Allison Randal.)  

Jan 20, 2009
------------------
* sell add space at the end of each video.  encourage "<company name> loves python" 
* Language summit status
* Registration: are we ready to handle changes/questions/CC problems?

Jan 6, 2009
------------------
* Housing site is ready.  Is there any reason not to start booking rooms?
* Lead Gen - what demographic info do we want the exhibitors to get?
* Video - $500 experiment - http://desktop.thomsongrassvalley.com/products/TwinPact100/TwinPact100.php


December 9th, 2008
------------------

* Schedule/Slots
* Video
* Carl's adventure with the power-strips (because it's worth hearing the epic tale of woe, if we have time) 


October 28th, 2008
------------------

* Financial Aid Process
* Hosting for us.pycon.org

May 27, 2008
------------

* Artwork
* Theme
* Keynote speakers


May 13, 2008
------------

* PyCon 2009: venue selection

* PyCon 2010: bid evaluation


April 29, 2008
---------------


.. Add items above this line.

----

CategoryPyCon2009_, CategoryPyConPlanning_, CategoryPyCon_
